# CS230
The Gaming Room

  The Gaming Room, the client for this project, has an existing application that is only avaible on the Android platform. This application is a game based off of the 1980's "Win, Lose, or Draw" TV gameshow. This application must allow for multipls unique games, teams, and players within one instance of memory concurrently. The Gaming Room is seeking to expand their application to serve multiple platforms. These platforms inclode Android, Mac, Windows, Linux, and Mobile Devices. The Gaming Room has reached out for assitance setting up this updated web applications environment.
    I believe that throughout this software design document the one element I was able to excute well, was readability for the audience. I feel that this document could be read by someone within the development team or strictly a business postion and both readers would be able to take information away. I attempted to use accurate, yet laymen terminology when acceptable, along with inclduing important information that may not be required for development alone.
    I believe that all of the elements of the software design document may be an assitance to coding the software itself. However, specifically the UML diagram is likely the most useful portion of the document to understand and properly execute the code for the software goals. This UML diagram illustrates the use of singleton class to create one instance of memory. In addition to the singleton class it can be seen that multiple unique games, teams, and players may be created along with the relationshipoe between all of these classes. The UML diagram as an invaluable tool for any programmer and particularly useful when a complex and specific association exists between classes such as in this design.
     I believe that if I had to revise a portion of this document it would likely be the evaluation of the platforms. The reason I would revise this section is that I believe both the client-side and server-side sections could be more thourough. These sections of the comparison I somewhat vague and I believe a more in depth comparison may be more beneficial when making a decision. Additionally, I would like to include a comparison including a cloud based platform as these designs continue to grow in popularity and may be a very viable option financially.
     User needs are likely one of the most important factors when considering a software design. These user needs are often times what will make or break the success of the software. Throughout this document there are multiple areas in which both the clients needs and user needs are discussed. These include but are not limited to, how to design the environment to meed the software requirements and how to serve users on multiple platforms. 
     I believe that every project requires a slightly different approach depending on the specific situation. However, a simple philosphy I attempt to practice with all projects is as follows. Always utilize all of the information available for proper planning prior to begining. Do not postpone begining due to lack of information or set concrete plans if a full array of information is not avaialble. Finally, be flexible and fluid throught the projects progression as often times alterations or improvments may often become needs as progression continues. 
